
**Has it been easy to use your app?**
The app was reviewed as easy to use by our reviewer and received full marks from our TA on assignment 2. Our graphs were generally thought to be well suited for the persona, intuitive to use, and intuitive to understand. One note was to set default values for the filters such that when the graphs first load, the data selected shows the purpose of the graph (i.e. some countries do not have sufficient data for certain graphs). We also made small visual changes to make it easier to review, such as adding an actual client name vs "sample client". 


**What differences are there between the DashR and DashPy app?**
Our DashR and DashPy app are aesthetically different in both the layout (we were more easily able to fine tune the screen location of elements in our Python app), and in the colour schemes (in R we played around with different styles/ colors). While we integrated mission critical feedback (e.g. the binning described below), we otherwise built the R app based on our Week 2 Python app, where as the Python app has evolved to incorporate more feedback. 

**Are there reoccurring themes in your feedback on what is good and what can be improved?**
One consistent theme within the feedback was most exhibited in the persona and scenario feedback, where by the reviewer commented on many other applications beyond the scope of the data/ purpose of the app. For example, they suggested including measures like including budget allocation information, which a client company is unlikely to provide a wellbeing consultancy like BEI Vita. Generally, the class-wide feedback provided, was in line with our graphs already (after incorporating peer feedback) and did not require further revision.

**Is there any feedback (or other insight) that you have found particularly valuable during your dashboard development?**
One important note which we had not considered was to bin the results in the top graph (overall quality of work life). Previously, for most countries, there were no two employess with the same score, and though the histogram was useful when analyzing results across all countries, when we added the filters, it was uninformative; binning the scores resolved this. In the future, we could continue to improve on this plot to further improve the ability of viewers to compare overall wellbeing between countries and/or employee levels.

**What next?**
One way to address the comparability challenge outlined above would be to allow two side by side graphs with independent filters, such that users can directly compare two different demographics. Underneath these graphs, we plan to also report summary statistics, so that the user can directly receive all pertinent information visually and numerically for the two populations. In future iterations, it would be advisable to include more extensive user guides; while our app is intuitive to use, the measurements we report on, such "meaningfulness at work" are more nuanced and require background knowledge to fully interpret. 